Rent out the remaining warehouse to me. No! Okay,
It seems that the information Ling Lao mentioned in the sea is a case of Ling Tong.
I vacated the stock, as a result, the fund sea area was almost ready.
Since Ling Laoti wants to help with the situation,
Then take it out of the warehouse.
Ok, no problem, rent,
Definitely, Apo, two,
Both are possible,
Lifu, why don’t you laugh after reading this.
Or, let Zhou Hao destroy everyone in front of him,
I apologize for not giving me a small picture.
How about I rent the residual control to you for free?
Renting a guard can also make a building
Such a construction worker does it for free
My old man pays the old man
Don't lose your way
Come to my accountant, ten or nineteen dad
I don't know if you want me to kneel down for him.
It must be your love
Did I really kneel down?
I will kneel down to Mrs. Lin for all my money
After almost losing it, I added 200 million
200 million makes me angry
Thank you, it will be expensive
I'm really afraid you'll start a fight
Didn't your father teach you how to manage a company at all?
Education is education, I lead the way
Come and try and help me
Do you dislike me?
I plan to set up my own company